And so even if the input information is very sparse, um, maybe the output is an effect that you read something, but we moderate something about Apple, and maybe that would drive it to update the position of, you know, dozens of stocks. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I agree. That is, for me, the sparsity was just a hypothesis, but it doesn't define the shape of the output per se. But I agree with you, yeah.  You're saying the output should be positions effectively, right? Look, not sure, but I think that if, like, what they mentioned on the call, then, um, or maybe that's what that's what you said, that then we either need to kind of make sure that PM straight this alpha, or we need to, uh, or maybe even allocate some sizing to this alpha strategy, how, if we want to make sure that PM straighted, then it surely should be positions. No, I said it because if we provide positions, then PMs won't create it.  They just want it to, they would probably prefer that they can take our alpha and combine it with their pool of alpha. Yeah. Um, like basically what you're saying, I agree with like the final output should be positions, but like for us, the project is would be broken down into 2 steps.  One would be the forecast. Yeah. And then we have an optimiser that converts the full pass into positions.  By the way, the optimiser, we don't have to invent that from scratch. We can interrupt the stuff. We can use we can just partner with another PM, have their optimiser.  In addition, Igor, I'm sure, have a dozen ideas about what optimiser to use at the forecast is successful. So I think we will realistically not end up owning the optimiser, but I think we would this tool would end up generating positions, but that would not be our mandate. Yeah, yeah.  Look, I agree that... I agree that if, like, doesn't matter if we generate positions or not, the forecast will still come before. 100%, 100%.  I think whether or not we want to aim to have a position as a final output of, okay, not the tool, but the whole system, I think maybe it's up to us to decide and that will probably, that will have some consequences, right? Because if it's positions, it's more of an end-to-end product, which can already get size and or like, I don't know, get into the alpha pool or whatnot. Uh, while if it's a forecast, then it's like uh, it's a bit of a pre-cooked stuff, right?  It still needs to go through some manipulations to get to the ready state. I'm fine with both, but I think it's just gonna have 2 different implications. Um, depending on what we aim for.  Yeah, I mean, my view is we have to create the forecaster anyway. Yeah. And for positions, whether, uh, if anyone is going to put size on it, they will generate positions from this tool anyway.  Yeah. So both are kind of like established for us. We would need a forecaster and it would need an optimiser attached on top.  Yeah. Okay, good. But do we also agree that it's not like, like we don't aim to run the tool and generate a single stock forecast?  It's more of a forecast for everything. And then you kind of come, like you don't use a single stock forecast that is coming from the stool. It's going to be very noisy.  And we're not gonna achieve sharp of 4 for a single stock forecast. Uh or for a single position. It's mostly gonna be like the, the, the quality will come from combining those forecasts and combining those positions and kind of maybe even like treating them as a single output instead of breaking down the output into many, many different stocks.  I'm not fully sure. I don't have, like, this is in such an early stage. we have no idea. Like, I think in general, cross sectional returns is what we should aim for.  Yeah. But if we're trying to get there, I think we'll have to... I mean, Tamash, you've done this before, so you probably know better, but if we're trying to get to cross-sectional returns, we would almost have to do single stock returns. as well. is my guess.  I think it's fine, but we don't need to optimise on like that single stuff. Yeah, yeah, no, a single stop definitely gonna be that. I'm just saying that if they expect sharp of 4 or 6 or 12 it doesn't matter.  Yeah, yeah, that's going to be my universe. Exactly. That's in the universe that's not in a single stock forecast.  Okay, good. I mean, I want us to predict housing video moving tomorrow, exactly. Yeah, that's that's what I'm kind of trying to avoid.  Yeah. Oh, the matter that you say, maybe he did. Do I remember correctly?  Like, he didn't. No, he's, I specifically asked, like, is it single stalk or cross sectional? And he said, cross sections, and the stock guy. good, good.  Yeah. Okay, good. Like, I don't believe in like a singa stuff thing.  It's just so little... It's still noisy. Yeah, exactly.  All right, good. Let's do it like, you know, if you want if you want to aim for something, So, you know, like regular off research on USAs on top 3000, um, but and and people, like researchers suddenly their offers on top 3000. They do it some subdiverse checks.  PMs pick them up as they are, but like the actual strategies are most of the sizes on like top 500, maybe 90% on top, 1000, something like that. So then the question is, you know, why do they even use researchers that top 3000? And the reason is that... that allows for higher signal to noise ratio. when like selecting.  But that's more of a problem when you have like a lot of different, you know. Signals and you want to, like, he'll climb on the shark. Um, I don't know in our cases that makes more sense.  I think we should be a very constrained universe for a very simple reason that the top whatever top 100, top 500, top 1000, it changes every day. Yeah. Um, Yes.  And, uh, I think if we go top 3000, there's a risk of, well, non-survivor should buy us universes for us and we're training all this data as well. If we go a very narrow universe like top 200, top 500, if we need more data. That gives us the flexibility to try out our tool with the top 1000 universe.  Uh, because then you, by accident, we will have a holdout, uh, holdout universe of 400-ish new names, et cetera. Yeah. Yeah, agree.  And also, I think actually also touched on important topics. So if we were to kind of use this tool on US 3000 US 1000 doesn't matter, it doesn't mean that we can use the same tool with the same. I'm gonna say post-train dates, same on day-to-dates, on another universe.  So I think that the training goes the universe. Um, rather than, oh, we did the stool and dusted it in USA, now we can use it on Asia. So I think that's not gonna work straight away.  There might be some adjustment that will make it work, like architecture might work, but the kind of fine tuning, post training, whatever it is. Most likely we will need to do it on every single new universe. Yeah, I agree that, um, if if we pick a specific universe, um, and we post train on it or fine tune on it, um, Then it won't necessarily translate to, let's say... 2000, another universal river.  But, uh, Yeah, yeah, that was fun. Yeah, I just think that that's also what we need to tell them that, okay, guys, we're gonna, I don't know, go and work on USA 3000 and that's gonna be our kind of sandbox. We're gonna work on that.  It doesn't mean that once that is ready and working good, we can straight away use it on another universe, right? We will need to adapt it. So I think it's also nice to align with them where they expect us to use it.  I bet it's going to be USA, given the latest discussion. This is the best, best time to focus on USA, right? Like as a default, of course, we have the most data and that's where, you know, the firm performance is not that great.  So any other times you would say they would say like, you know, this is not we're not that interested in improving USA compared to the other agents. Now, I think it's very much, but... this should be fine. Okay, good.  So that'll be kind of broadly aligned on the output. We aligned on the universe, like broadly aligned, right? That is going to be somebody you say.  Get them in terms of the input data. I generally, I don't have a view on which exact data sets we will need to use. Um, it sounds like it's gonna be some news, maybe some, I don't know, tweets, whatever it is, but I don't know exactly.  Can I share? I have a, I made a few slides and we don't have to cover it overall just, but some of it is actually related to this question. Sure.  So, uh, can you see it? Yeah. Okay, so feel free to disregard any part that like, uh, you know, somehow this is a little bit like slap, but it's fine.  Just I need to check what everyone understands here. But here comes this is just, you know, things that we could build. Uh, this is the, you know, this word, more AirPods, that I think would be fine.  And this is the, There is one problem, of course, the data cut off. We discussed this last time. I think the number of calls here is actually not that big of a deal.  If we're doing it, Lanakola, reason of the price model. Could you please go back? I wanted to see the last slide again.  This one? Yeah. Yeah, so here the idea is that, you know, it's just takes all the, you know, fundamental and other kind of data, putting that the use data raises, whatever.  And then, you know, it deals with a model of the market and that is what it translated into forecasts. Do you think this is something the data people in Atlas would be or whoever would be able to help us with in terms of flavour? That can, um, in terms of that, using black table service for for this store, in this room, again?  I'm sure they have like a ton of data around like sector themes, macro and financial disclosures, et cetera, or... Yes, yes, yes. They do and I think I have access to a lot of them.  And like, We have a lot of, like, macro team data as well that we, you know, researchers don't use, generally, and are, uh, equity research, but we have the money went. Um, you know, deep research is a lot of macrelated, for example. But here's the problem.  So, I mean, again, it depends, you know, this is not I would say this is not an obstacle. It's more like just a reminder that we need to do communications and, you know, have to do it as well myself. But the idea is that we need to be, you know, this we briefly touched on it, I think, in the last meeting that, you know, some license is specifically ordered using their data for training.  Now, I have to, I think here we need to be very specific, what it means by train. If only the only thing we're doing is creating a hardness that, you know, produces this kind of world model around the other level calls and and uses that to do the positions that's not. Then the data is not used for training per se.  If we're doing fine tuning, that is training, right? But maybe it's not, not using the, maybe it can still be separated from, you know, pre-training. So that's um, then, you know, this is something where we have to get into the weeds with like those little people like, what is this?  This is something I've discussed before with the data people and they said most of the contracts were a bit fine tuning. But there's something else where you can work around. It's called on policy self-distillation.  Uh-huh. Yeah, it's like... Yeah, and it basically does fun tuning, but better.  And none of these guys even know what that is. So it doesn't forbid it. That's good.  That's good. So like, I don't think it's going to be that big of an issue, but we would have to talk to legal beforehand. Okay, okay.  Yeah, and by the way, even like the 17, I think that the actual number should be, even if it's like most of them, they're not forbidden, I think it should be an order of names bigger than the 17th. It's just like, yeah, I think they do like case by case evaluation. Like you have to request that you want to go to look at it, whatever.  But yes, this this, and by the way, this, um, I don't, it's not recorded here, but I looked at like some of the, the data sets that in the 16 that, uh, uh, Claude told me about and, and some of them are like, you know, well-respected data sets. So even I'm not super worried about it. And we will have our data.  Dr. some considerations. There's also a data set maintained by Pung or events. Like my biggest concern is that we posttrain or to find if we find tune on news, it's a lagging indicator.  And already it's very hard for us to have verifiable rewards for this. Um, I think we should discuss with Nadish or Ung or Weber, what this data said he maintains is, uh, effectively, to my understanding, it is, uh, If a war happens in Iran, which sectors get affected, which companies specifically get affected? And it's not like if news reports war happens in Iran, it's if war happens in Iran.  So I think, uh, that would, and that's a massive theatre set they maintain because last year they were talking about building it again base forecaster. And I think it might be good for us. Jurac and they will share with us just like that.  I think they should be able to. I mean, we're building event based forcaster. Yeah, well, I don't know what the politics is, but maybe figure asks nicely.  Yeah. Okay, but yeah, that's that's super cool. I think maybe like, I don't know, I don't want to be that guy because, like, oh, let's request, like, everything that potentially can be can be useful, but maybe that is actually what we need to do.  And, you know, we also have, like, in-house data sets, uh, with this data 3 data four. Some of them are relying on other data sets and just extending them or interpolating. In that case, maybe the license is still an issue.  Some of them are like, like brand new, so those, all those data sets should be fair game as well. So yeah, I think we, like once we do like some kind of survey of what data can use, including, you know, times data setting, including these ones, then we will have a solid ground to. What else is here?  Um, yeah, there's like an opi teams, it's time. I think, you know, we're going to use different data. Um, And, you know, a lot of the groups that, there may not, but this is, is, is there another position. not exactly the same. you know, decisions we need to make.  This is actually like kind of what we are deciding now. So actually nothing more, I guess, in this, um, In this slides, yeah, just wanted to make sure that that we're coming out. Yeah, but I think I think that's good.  So maybe for data, let's look in that, we want to check on that data select, as you mentioned, that punk maintains. We wanna check, um, probably, like, just get the description, see what's gonna be useful from the data set that we have in Atlas. And then case by case, if you need to check, if we can use or if we cannot use them for our needs.  That sounds about right. Good. And then in terms of like, I don't want to go into discussion of model harness and all of that, I think it's gonna be like a lot of hypothesis and we probably don't know what exactly the right answer now.  Um, But can we maybe now discuss and agree that we probably don't need to use big models regardless. Like if we want to posttrain, fine tune, or whatnot, update rates, and so on, we don't want to use big models, so we don't need to request like 32, 64 GPUs for that. Uh, if we were to do, to use the post-train in Feng tune, we're gonna land on like smaller models, whatever, 35 1000000000 parameters, something like that.  Yeah, I, you know, good. No, no, go ahead, touch. So I did some digging about this.  I was like reading some of the papers about this and trying to figure out architecture. And it, I think we would probably, I mean, if there's a reason for it, we can absolutely pursue it, but I don't see if we will be able to post-train a model for this. I think the furthest we probably go is a fine tune for 2 reasons.  Number one, like model memory is going to be an issue. Uh, number two, the reward or reinforcement learning here is extremely noisy. Um, and you want a stable reward that is immediately verifiable.  And for us, mapping from X event, X news happens to this day, this is the forecast, is very hard because that means like for our validation data, we're saying this report is responsible for this bike in this company's price at this day, which is impossible to map. You know? So we can't really come up with any rewards for reinforcement learning on the LLM.  I think the furthest we can possibly go is fine tuning. And I think the LM... Yeah, with Laura, Culora, F, whatever.  Um, But, The LM head probably stays as the creature extractor in a larger architecture. Yeah. So let's say you have like time stamps, news filing, whatever, and then you do some sort of like rule-based ingestion, right?  Like, uh, you take Like volatility adjustments, liquidity, whatever, like based on that, you do your ingestion, then you use something like a wheel fine tune, something like a finance focussed Bert or modern Bert. Like a very small model to start off good for experimentation. depending on how it goes, we can go to like a quench, small model like 7 billion, 1000000000 parameters, whatever. But it's basically working as an encoder.  That's trying to extract signal from these reports. Then I guess I'm just thinking about how we could approach this. Obviously all of this is subject to change.  But the important thing I wanted to point out is feature extraction using LLMs is kind of our key value proposition that other people can't do using alternative data. Then you could, like, once you've used your fine-tuned, like Bert or whatever for your text encoding, then I think you can do like item level factor residualized like return scores or something. Um, and then you could do stock the application and use some sort of ridge to combine them for our optimiser or something down the road.  But, um, that is the extent that I think, in which the LM part lives is feature inspection. Yeah. I agree in terms of feature extraction.  I'm not yet sure about the post train. Definitely like getting the reward for a single stock is probably not possible. But if you live, if it, if it somehow maybe can say, hey, it performs better than the industry better than the sector, and then they can combine those rewards into something less noisy for a universe.  Maybe that would work. Right? Because I, I genuinely believe that the universe I return will not be as noisy as uh, um, single style, it's obvious, like kind of statement.  I don't know if it's gonna be, um, insightful enough to use football strain. I dont know, but I wouldn't be surprised if it is. But I agree that we're probably not gonna reach the conclusion now.  To me, kind of what matters is at this point is what is our internal restriction of how big of a model we're gonna use? Feature extraction, post training, I think it stays a bit aside for now, but I think that the size of the model determines how much GPUs we need to kind of request. We can explore everything.  Exactly. You know, I would love to post for them. I know you would.  But I'm just trying to think. I'm just kind of throwing out research directions for us. Yeah.  We know, like, what else can be look into to kind of... Yeah. Yeah, yeah, 100%.  Look, remember when we did this, uh, kind of mapping of 2 phases, if we got to generate alpha using little lamps, and then we did the estimation of how many GPUs we could we could potentially need for different models. And for um, Quan, 3500000000, 36000000000, I remember which one is that? Like, it fits, it all fits. by three. 36 by three.  Yeah. It all fits in one GPU, but that would take quite some time if you were to postrain a fine tune it. So, I would suggest, given that we probably want to have some multiple experience, potential running parallel.  I'd suggest to ask them for A GPUs, and then if they say, oh no, that's too much, and we're gonna go down to four. Let it be. But I wouldn't ask for one and then, you know, oh, we need more.  When when you say one GP, what kind of GP was it? So I did research. They don't, they almost don't have A 100s, hang on, let me open.  They have loads of H1O, which is quite good. They have, um, just a second. Do, do, do, do, do.  Yeah, they have a lot of age 100 and even age 200. They don't have A's, which is good because A's are old. I think for us it doesn't matter if it's a 100 or 200.  Like, I don't think it matters that much. So whatever it is, if it's 200, fine, 8 100 also fine. I think personally, I would like us to avoid even asking about GPUs or like the next month until we know this is the data we will use.  Yeah. This is the data we got approved for. This is the job we're going to do because this experiment seems viable.  These are the experiments that maybe we could use to actually figure out if this would be an ad positive for our project or not. And for those projects we specifically request compute. Yeah.  Because we're not doing anything, we can't use bigger models anyway because I think... Yeah, I agree. information leakage, smaller models were be restricted to an older generation, like 3.6 point or something. Yeah.  All of that fits very comfortably on a 800 H100. Look, look. Look, I agree.  Yeah, I would not ask for GPUs right now, but I have a gut feeling that it's not a one day thing. Oh, give us A GPU. Use it now.  You request it now, it's gonna take a few months. Exactly. So if you say, hey, guys, we don't need them now because we need to figure out blah, blah, blah.  But like in a couple of months, we will need eight. And if it takes a couple of months to get it, I think we shall start thinking of that. The reason I am also in favour of that is because this is the budget season, right?  This is now they're deciding like what they already have like trenches arriving probably in like early. I think January, something that's what I heard. Those are probably already like allocated and if we want to use some of those, then we have to like push someone else or have someone else push back someone else.  But the point is that this is where they're budgeting the GP orders, right? So, um, it's good to calculate with that. Good.  Anyone additional comments that related to the GPUs just related to them? Actually, to the to the baseline or benchmark. So, at some, like, what we're doing now is actually, um, not entirely similar, but can be comparable to what some of the teams want to do with, uh, with the, uh, test.  Right? And this is so there will be some comparisons, right? We will be compared against them, like, at least informally or, uh, And they have like a 6 months timeline that's starting from September, so they're already into it.  I, you know, I wouldn't say that I've seen a lot of progress from many of the teams, but some of them already had like some kind of frameworks. Some of them are less LLM related, some of them are more. And but it's something that will be, you know, that's going to be another kind of based on.  And it's good to emphasise that what we have a test, that what part will we use that they will not use because they don't have a test, right? So one thing could be like using internal firm data, right, that we have access to. I mean, I don't, but you have access to it and I will, I guess.  So that can, and by the way, definitely really valuable in, you know, for the same reason as the Jordan contest, is it another data? And then it's much better than using some other vendors, random data that's like we call it. So, if we emphasise it a little bit, that helps us, you know, in the early stage to understand what why our is going to be different, but the expectation is that that we should be also beating those other, uh, Yeah.  No, that's a fair expectation, I'd say. Can I ask who's had any progress? So right now, I don't see that the only way I will see the progress is during like the November review, like a 3 month review.  But, you know, some teams came into it with like using their existing lot of pipeline, and they just want to tweak one or 2 things, and that's going to be their submissions, right? And a lot of those are not agentic in any way. So it's, That's just another way of, you know, like similar to the 1000000 Alpha contest that I don't even know if you know about it, but it really like.  So not a success. Get, uh... Chef Sweigas.  It did. Well, Jeff's awake is gone now, but did his team submit for alpha, alpha is like investment pipeline? It's really rated Constantine of tourist about that.  Who's who has in his team? Rory Waite. Oh, wait.  Yeah. Let me check.. Who else is in that?  Constant... I don't know how to say his name. Constantine, I think, or Constantine.  Let me send you. I'm only asking because I think this is the team we'll get compared to. Yeah, I don't see his name or or his name.  They're too busy working on the intro day stuff. So they they are the ones at where did they come from? G research?  Yeah, both of those are your research. Maybe switch out. I remember that, don't we have someone who's coming from Google and also working on something similar?  Am I? Just misremembering it totally. I don't know anyone coming from Google.  Um, And I know Google's not exactly known for time series forecasting, like, you know, do you research? did bring in someone from Google. It would probably be for like infrastructure or interns.  Yeah. No, I think I think I'm... No, the one I'm thinking of, I think the ones people who are working with Tarek, um, His word quantum word pant project.  But I don't know who is on his team. So, and they are also, of course, not involved in this contest. So, you know, it's basically just a, you know, 5 different ways of saying that they want some orthogonal pipeline that are like independent bypendants that makes money, right?  They do a contest, they do a COA office, they do a work on work once, but in the end, it's just different approaches to see if something could come out. Yeah, yeah. Look, guys, one last question.  I think we're gonna be asked that, the timeline. Right? And I think, like, from my perspective, we have here a couple of, let me say, benchmarks.  One is Rory and Constant, which is was 2 years and it's going to take one more year. And that's a lot. I don't think that, like, that could be reasonably any ceiling for us.  And then in Azavan, I guess, 6 months, um, yeah, challenge that is going on now. Yes, so they have to submit time to end of February and then 6 months of evaluation period. Yeah.  So, I think that like, I don't know, I don't want to go with very tight timelines because I think then the quality of what we're doing is going to be rough. Um, at the same time, I also don't want to give them, hey guys, they're gonna go for 2 years. See you soon. right?  I think what's important is to maybe tag this in phases and also treat it like, hey guys, we're not gonna have the result, the full on results after a month, but we're gonna show you something like, I don't know, in 2 months and then show you something in 3 or 4 months. It's not gonna be final product, but we're gonna have some milestones, some stages. Um, but I don't see how this is gonna be less than half a year overall. overall.  Yeah, I think half a year might be very optimistic. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Going to end up spending a year on this thing.  Yes. But I also don't want to say yeah because like imagine, yeah. Of course.  I think I like your approach of not giving a timeline for a final product. Yeah. Let's build things, let's show them progress, and as long as they're happy, we'll keep kind of chugging along.  Exactly. I would say that, hey guys, the 1st milestone is gonna be like, you know, framing 1st hypothesis, some initial experiments, I'm giving you, like, showing you what we're gonna pursue and what do our opinion gonna work, and that's gonna happen in X months. And then gonna be, oh yeah, fine, right?  And an X is gonna be less than half a year or less than a year, which is gonna keep them a bit entertained. So let's have like, I don't think we can say now whether it's going to be 2 months, 3 months or whatnot, like for this 1st stage. But let's maybe think back and maybe on Monday, Tuesday, just to fly and discuss, okay, we think it's going to be like, I don't know, to 3 months or something.  Sure. Sounds good. Uh, yeah, yeah.  I mean, we're at three, but I wanted to ask, um, For action items, are we agreeing, let's find out more about data? Yes. Number one, let's find out what numerical data we can also use. important, but also necessary.  Let's explore if for cross-sectional returns, there's possibility that we can do post training. And What else are we missing here? I think overall, like the hypothesis of what is the architecture of the whole thing.  Yeah. I think the articles that you sent was actually very, very nice. I can send a draft I'm working on.  It's very opinionated, so like don't read it and go, oh, this is absolutely what we're going to, but I'm just writing it in the sense of how what I think could be viable. It's obviously we can change it however we want to. But like from what I have, I can share that across.  Do you want to, like, we can reuse maybe that repositories that we create at some point of time for ideas? Let's upload that, please. I will, I will, Thomas, I will at you, and then, like, you can upload and then, yeah, we can start from that.  If it's okay for you, I can take point on the data. I don't have much experience frustrating that. I'll get back to you with that.  Sorry, I have to ask because I have another meeting, but this was great. Thank you. So let's catch up on our next week and then I will great weekend.  Yes, have a great weekend. Cheers. Thank you guys.  Bye.